/*Name : Palak Chawla
Section : SCC
ID : 118834175
WK4- At home
email : pchawla5@myseneca.ca
10 February 2019*/

I learnt constructor overloading in this workshop along with reusability of code which is being used multiple times.
How to use safe empty state and "this" function. I faced problem in comparing string data for canTravelWith(...) .
And in code reusibility, then I figured out I could use the same safe empty space by just calling once only.


1)	What is a safe empty state? Couldyoudefine another state as the safe empty state?
 It is a well defined state to initialize the instance varaible of an object at the time of creation inside constructor.
   One data member could be identified to hold a special value that identifies a safe empty state, it can be any value that
   we choose but it is to be ensured that value is only used for safe empty state, we only need to check value of that data
   member to determine whether object is in safe empty state or not.

2)	Describe how you have minimizedcode duplication.
 During implementation I was duplicating code while initializing safe empty state in all the constructor. So, inorder to
   minimize duplication I seggregated the logic to initiliaze safe empty state in a seperate private function named safeEmpty()
   and called that safeEmpty() function inside each constructor.


3)	Explain why the canTravelWith(...) member function can access the pri-vate data of the object referenced in its parameter.
 In C++ there is a phenomenon known as "Pass-by-refernce", which enables function and methods to modify private data members of 
   object because once a reference varaible is initialized it act as a alias or another name for an already existing variable. So 
   the reference name may be used to modify value of data members, in canTravelWith() we are passing reference of other object and
   this reference is used to access private data members of that object.




Quiz 4 Reflection :


    In one or two sentences, explain what is the difference between a member function and a helper function.
A helper function is a function which can access public memeber functions of a class, not the private functions.
Member function can access the data of the object and make the changes too.	

    Explain the purpose of the keyword explicit: where should be used and what does it do?
To avoid impilicit conversion by compiler for  a single argumented constructor , we use "explicit" for that.

    Explain the concept of constructor in C++. What is it? When it is used? What is its purpose?
Constructor is a special member function of an object which is initialised at its creation time. Two types: Default and argumented constructor.


